<1>
You find yourself in an unknown city. You are surrounded by
dull buildings and strangers.
Uncertainty frightens you. Filled with feeling of
missunderstanding, you, knowing nothing about how to exist
here, set off to find any answers. Suddenly, something is
touching  your leg.
You, startled with suddenness, look down. A small, skinny
cat, as lost in this world as you, looks at you with  eyes
full of fear.
Something scares the cat off, and he runs away with no
turning around.
Realizing that it is the only creature that recognized your
presence, you ask yourself a question:
Should I run after him?
Press 1 to run after him.
Press 2 to go further.
<2>
The cat eventually got away from your sight.
You continue walking down the gloomy street.
You search alleys and prospects, seeking for something
familiar.
You try to find anyone who will pay attention to you.
Far away there is a silhoutte of THE running cat.
This time you have no doubt that you need to follow it.
Finally, you caught up with the cat.
The cat meows loudly and looks at the left.
You see a scary dark creature resembling a human. 
He falls on his knees in front you and streches his bony arm
towards you.
You understand that this human needs help, but his face
scares you off with its' ugliness. 
Should you give him a hand?
Press 1 to help.
Press 2 to ignore.
<3>
The moment of awkward silence...
He notices your sweaty hand, grabs it and pulls you hard.
Though he seems weak you can't stand on your legs and fall.
You see a knife in his other hand and it absolutely 
terrifies you.
This fear wakes your inner strenghts which you've forgotten
about.
You stand up as fast as you can and run away.
You notice that cat runs near you and strangely feel relief.
Gray houses are flashing in your eyes and raindrops are  
hitting your face. You running and thinking about why you
appeared in this world. Maybe this is all some kind of
experiment? Maybe someone's joke? You are tired, your feet
are cold, they are wet from the puddles. The shock of what 
happened a few minutes ago has passed.
Running further is pointless.
Looking around, you realize that you are in a large area.
Something like the city center. There were a lot of people
and they all stood at some counters. You ran so fast that
the cat did not catch up with you. Suddenly it overtakes you
and disappears among the feet of people walking somewhere.
On the one hand, this is now your friend, a companion,
but, on the other hand, he often runs away from you, so you
have to decide whether to leave him in the square among
strangers, or go search him.
Press 1 to go searching.
Press 2 to keep go further without searching the cat.
<4>
Okay... 
Now you need to think about what this place is. Maybe there
will be more answers. People were standing at some counters,
as you have already noticed. You must go and see what's
there.
Squeezing through the crowd, you found yourself in the front
row.
There was a magician in the center. He said something about
cards and walked by circles. This is definitely not what you
need and now you are trying to get out of the crowd. Trying
not to push people, you carefully move back to where you came
from. But suddenly, in the middle of the way, you heard a
FAMILIAR meow.
You are going to the sound, making your way through people.
Bags, jackets, scarves flashing before your eyes, but you
think of only one thing.
What's wrong with this cat ???
He runs away and tries to find you itmself. As if someone 
specially assigned him to you. 
You leave the crowd and see the same cat sitting in front of
you. 
You take him in your arms and promising yourself to be with
it under any circumstances. You are standing in the square
holding a cat in your hands. People are walking around,
everyone is making noise around. But, among all the voices,
you distinguish a clear girl children's voice.
-Give me your cat, please.
You are standing with your, most likely, your only companion
in your hands and somebody wants to take him away from you.
What will you do? Will you sacrifice your happiness for the
good of another person's childhood, or will you keep it for
yourself, leaving a mark on the child's life forever?
Press 1 to give cat to child.
Press 2 to keep it.
<5>
It was hard choise, but you dit it.
Now you want show cat to girl, because she looked hard on
it.You put the cat down to show it, but it scratched the 
girl in the face! Drops of blood runing down her cheek,
and she goes slowly without tears into the crowd.
you keep walking across the square. People let you go ahead,
but they don't even look at you, as if they are doing it
without realizing.Strange feelings visit you. You feel that
nothing good awaits you on this square. You turn off the
road into some narrow alley. The houses were so close and
the front opening seemed very narrow. So narrow that you
thought it was hundreds of meters to go to it, but no, after
passing the doorway, you go to a construction site in the
middle of the yard. 
how did you get sick. endless wanderings, strange events,
strange people around. What's going on ... A dog runs in
front of you. You already doubt that all this is really
happening. But you're angry. It seems that if you don’t do
something now, you will completely immerse yourself
in suffering.
Press 1 to keep going without hurting anything.
Press 2 to kick the dog and rid yourself of negative.
emotions.
<6>
As soon as you made a small move, the dog ran away. 
You decide to remember the cat. He was still in his arms and
pressed against you in fear. You were surrounded by houses
and you could no longer understand where you came from.
A pleasant yellow light was coming from the windows, and
people were visible. Everyone is doing something different.
Swings creak on the playground, but there was no wind.
Yes, it's strange, but after everything that happened,
nothing scares you. You decided to go see. The swing creaked
and you saw footprints. They led to the construction site.
You follow the footsteps, not knowing where, why ...
There was some kind of equipment at the construction site,
the yellow light from the windows still reaches here.
The tracks are becoming more distinct. Finally you
you come to some old houses, the light from which is still
the samу pleasant yellow.The cat meowed several times in the
direction of a pit. You come closer. There is water in the 
pit. It was not clear what was happening and you decide to
turn around and leave. But suddenly, there is some movement
in the water! You look closely and notice a body there. For
a second, the face pops up and you recognize that child from
area. She then drowned, then floated to breathe air. She
waving her arms and twitching helplessly in the water.
Out of the corner of your eye you notice a man with a
frightening face, similar to the one with a knife.
But this is just a guess and now you are thinking about 
whether to risk saving the girl.
Press 1 to risk to jump in water and try to save girl.
Press 2 to get out of there.
<7>
Suddenly, someone pushes you from the back.
You feel chilling cold and you realize that you're under the
water. 
Now you don't really have a choice. 
You need to rescue the girl.
You get sure that the girl is safe now.
Drenched and chilled from freezing water you set off in hope
to find any dry clothes. 
You are still following the mysterious cat.
All of a sudden, a car appeares from the corner.
It drives past quickly and to your horror follows the cat.
You understand that the cat won't survive this "encounter".
You need to decide fast whether you save the cat or submit 
to your fear.
Press 1 to save the cat.
Press 2 to stay away.
<8>
You close your eyes out of fear.
After few seconds you open you open your eyes and see an
evaporating haze and the car leaving the street.
You realize that this is not the real cat, it's just an 
illusion and you feel like this about everything un this
city.
You notice the cat walking near you.
Afar you see a column of streaming smoke, and, of course,
the cat heads in this direction.
Coming closer to the smoke, you understand that there is 
a fire.
You hear terrifying screams coming out of the burning
building.
Though the fire isn't that big, people are trapped and
can't see how to make thier way out.
However, you see the way out of the building free from the
flames.
You can help the people but the smoke will probably affect
your weak lungs.
There is a chance that you won't be able complete your 
journey.
Should you help the people?
Press 1 to help.
Press 2 to stay aside.
<9>
You hear a loud overwhelming sound.
You can't see nothing, you can't even open your eyes.
It is an exposion of the burning building.
You think you are dead, you feel that you are dead.
You can't move any of your limb.
Your ears catch the familiar meow.
You aren't dead but at this point you don't even feel slight
happiness from your survival.
"You journey is almost over. You need to make your last 
choice. I hope, you won't let me down", the mysterious voice 
filling all the space around almost deafens you.
"To escape this place you need to make a sacrifice and kill
the only kind spirit in this city".
You immediately understand that the voice is talking about
your small companion.
"You don't have any time left! You must choose now!",
echoing from all surfaces the loud voice reaches you.
What should you do?
Press 1 to save the cat.
Press 2 to kill the cat.
